GCP/ASM - EXPANDR-3281 (#25484)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/ReleaseNotes/1_6_3.md

Author: [update GCP RN and redo Remediation play](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/25484/commits/4efa8682fb788103f06c2c4962b1a481f2450b2b)

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex ASM - Remediation

> - Added the value to the new 'GcpProject' input required by the 'GCP - Firewall Remediation' playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the value to the new 'GcpProject' input required by the **GCP - Firewall Remediation** playbook.
```
